These days people pay more attention to artists (writers, painters and so on) and give less importance to science and technology. To what extent do you agree or disagree?


Someone said that these days people pay more attention to artists and give less importance to science and technology. I definity disagree with this idea.

Paying more attention to art does not necessarily have to give less importance to science and technology. On the contrary, art historically match science and technology pretty well, if not intrinsically. It is well known that Leonardo da Vinci, the scientist, engineer, and genius of everything, painted Mona Lisa, the best known, the most visited, the most written about, the most sung about, and the most parodied work of art in human history. Besides, the endless passion that legendary Steve Jobs put in fusing art and technology is radiant. He continually used the word "taste" on Apple's R&D projects and all Apple products are strikingly beautiful. Smithsonian Institution even published an article entitled "A tribute to a great artist: Steve Jobs" on its magazine. Moreover, Elon Musk decorated the external walls of Tesla's Gigafactory Berlin with awesome giant graffiti art paintings selected from all over the world. He also sent Japanese art collector and musical band drummer Yusaku Maezawa into space.

There are actually numerous facts that support my point of view. Electric guitar is a perfect resonance of acusstic guitar and electromagnetic technology, Ikea is embracing artists and artificial intelligence (AI), Sony is both a hi-tech manufacturer and a movies,  games, and music albums producer, paintings and drawings now can be done digitally on computers and tablets, Russian astronaut Alexei Leonov was an art school graduate and drew orbital sunrise in space, and Nicole Kidman once dated Eric Watson, a New Zealand entrepreneur who invested in technology.

In conclusion, to one hundred percent extent I disagree that these days people pay more attention to artists and give less importance to science and technology. For at least centuries, art has been inspiring science and technology to advance dramatically, and science and technology keep raising art to new and higher levels.
